What's up my honor I hope you're having
a spectacular start to the weekend
and that you're going to enjoy it with
your loved ones I'm here to
introduce you to the weekly bombshell And it's that I'm
going to be here with you every
Friday night more or less at the
same time reviewing with you all
the news related to the heart
and television that we've had
during the week if you don't want to miss
anything of what's happening and be
fully informed and up to date don't
forget to subscribe with the bell
activated both in telesalseo and in la
piruleta And you'll have before anyone else
all the news all the exclusives
all the scoops But anyway if you
've missed something then on Friday
nights we're going to be here
weekly bombshells reviewing absolutely everything if
you like this format it would be very
important if you gave it a Like, that you
were commenting in the
comments box your opinion on all the
topics that you share and that you
subscribe okay very important if I see
that there's a lot of support we continue
doing it Now yes without further delay
take you  something to nibble on and enjoy the
gossip let's get down to business
[Music]
María Patiño has caused a stir on
Twitter again and receiving criticism from
everyone she would have posted this tweet in the last few hours
referring to the
live broadcast that Rocío Flores did on
her lawyers' Channel which we will be
commenting on in this video a little
later on and basically what she is
implying with this tweet in case there
is someone who has not understood it
Although I understand that we will all
agree that you will understand it anyway
basically what
Antonio David is accusing her of with this tweet is
manipulating his daughter okay or rather his daughter
is being used by her father to
harm her mother This is something
completely pathetic apart from
ridiculous not what Rocío Flores did
yesterday on her lawyer's Channel which we will now
see later on in the case
of being manipulated by her father or
advised by her father point number one
as we have already been saying live
this afternoon It seems that now it is a
crime for your father to guide you advise you
or recommend you What actions to take in
this case we are talking about that what is
announcing Rocío Flores is something
that is real that her mother sank her
in front of millions of viewers it was
her mother who crushed her
on television speaking and that her
brother and she were going to take the
right not to testify against the
mother and also the brother withdrawing the
accusation that he had made in this
criminal case therefore if this were
guided by Antonio David it would be
beneficial for Rocío Carrasco I mean he would
be telling me that Antonio David
would have brought about something good not
only for his children but also
for the mother then I would not see where
the problem would be in Cantorai had
guided or advised his children to
do this is that now it seems that he would
guide your children or recommend them to do
something or
suggest that they give him a hand accompany him Well of
course as it is something exorbitant for
the fuchsia tide it seems to be
a crime in the first place I believe that
this has been the decision of the
children themselves and in any case I believe that David
would have spoken about it with his sister more than
with the father and they would have spoken about it between
brothers maybe I am wrong but I
believe that this is how it is And secondly  place
Although the father had mediated So that they
did This is not supposed to be
something good something conciliatory let's see it is
clear Because if they make a move
against Rocio Carrasco bad and if they make
a move that benefits her bad
too whatever it is here everything is
vicarious violence and abuse and what
you have are a lot of birds in your head
because in the end Rocio Carrasco knew that she had
the odds against her she did not show up
in court and in the end she lost
something that would have been very nice
attentive to the last minute because if we were
few the grandmother has given birth now Maria
Patiño joins and not to talk about the
millionaire sentence that has been imposed on
her boss from the television factory nor to
talk about the Malaga posters that by the
way have the trial pending nor
to say how bad they are in their
production company because apart from losing their
job they have been repudiated by a
network and now they are investigated by
a court for an operation
that is at an international level it is
a macro-demand what they have carried
out Well I am talking about the
deluxe operation for which  I don't know
María Patiño has now lashed out at
Rocío Flores and she has done so by evoking some
words from the past that she herself in
socialite gave to understand saying that
Rocío Flores was the armed wing of her
father saying on more than one occasion
Well Rocío Flores always acted moved
by the interests of Antonio David that
what her father had taught her and what he
had instilled in her were not values ​​it
was simply to hurt a mother
that is why Rocío Carrasco is
completely devastated Well
instead of keeping quiet because I
believe that silence benefits her
today because she has a highly
important thing I if it were already the truth is
that I would keep quiet because it is that she is going to
get hit from all sides then she
decides to speak and she does not speak to say anything
good but on the contrary she speaks to
add fuel to the fire I do not know if
with these types of
comments that she releases publicly day in
and day out she also intends to save herself from the trial that
awaits her or that Antonio David does not sue her
I the truth about her I would keep quiet total
the trial is lost besides
people would be reminding her on
social networks which  it was her position before they
gave her a slap on the wrist at the
TV factory and they forced her to have an
opinion contrary to what
she really knows once that said he has
been strangled socially
emotionally and economically
and as a result of the lawsuit that everyone
knows about a suspicion of bad guys where
no one wanted to hire him he couldn't
work and where he also had a
family to support that during
that time the voices that were heard
because they were the ones that were allowed
were the voices of Rocio Carrasco and he
decides the way and he I do believe I
needed support and when he tells him You
can't give me moral lessons and let
Ximenez tell me that for him well
is a voice let's say important it sank him
regardless of the fact that it is clear that
this boy emotionally has entered very
weakened I was left with something that I
tell Rocio Carrasco if she is happy
to see this situation let them tell her
because this boy is crushed what she
saw the tears also of her daughter
seeing her father suffer or do you
think Antonio is exaggerating for
nothing he has been  It's been 2 years
emotionally,
economically and socially strangled for two years now
Sonsoles' program is
leading the afternoon gossip show at the
moment not with much
difference but leading And the
program That's Life the first day it had
a 12 yesterday it had almost a 10 and today it
remains at 10 and a half of a sun it's
at 12 basically it's not
sweeping but neither do I consider it
bad although it doesn't manage to really
hook anyone None of the programs but
more or less the same audience that
Sálvame had I mean it makes me
laugh a lot because people are
criticizing the program as if it were
sinking or something like that And it's
basically the audience that
Sálvame had before its
closure was announced if in the last days of Sálvame
especially the last two or three
weeks there was more expectation it was
precisely because it was going to close the
audiences that were hovering were like
below a million around 10,
11 maybe so the thing is not that
the afternoons have changed for the moment  of
Telecinco and they will have to polish it a little
more we will see what happens with
Telecinco mornings that they are going to
remove the Ana Rosa program in the
mornings with these new changes and it
seems that little will remain of
Telecinco of what it has been in
recent years Telecinco mornings
will have a
political and economic news roundtable with Ana Terradillos
and then a magazine that I imagine will
deal with
Telecinco issues, reality issues,
social criticism, the heart with Joaquín
Prat let's see Boris Aguirre has left Sexta you
already know that he is going to present a program
with Adela González who is another
signing who is leaving Mediaset A3media
because in case many people don't know,
Sexta is Antena 3 and replacing
Boris Izaguirre Blood Link the
program is going to be presented by Jordi
González who you will surely remember that a
little while ago we were
talking about him who well had asked
for a break from Telecinco and so on and
in the end when he came back well
the new managers didn't count on him and it
seems that Jordi would have been
knocking on some doors to find
work in Catalan television but
look in the end he has found a good
program that the truth is a
nice program on Spanish television and Jaime
Cantizano returns to Spanish television
to present a new morning program
this time If Rosa wins the
competition pay attention because today has been
a very pleasant surprise By the way because
I love Joaquín a new interview
with Ana Obregón and the thing is that everyone
thought that we were going to have the
interview on the vertigo program
bornes but it seems that Antena 3 is
also going to have its interview with Ana
Obregón and we will see who sweeps the most
like Las put them both on the same day it
would be great and I think
Joaquín would take the cake because Joaquín
is super loved super charismatic I'm not
saying that Bertín is not but I get
the feeling that the Andalusian is
more engaging Ana Obregón She is sincere and
opens up with Joaquín on her
program and we can't wait  listen to it
very soon special Joaquín the rookie
[Music]
very criticized again on networks because she
has told in her Instagram story
How she fell in love with her dog while
we were in the pandemic in the pandemic
I caught I was sick with 39 in February
thank God but well I had to be
locked up like many of us in the
room because I lived with my mother with
María my mother and such then I was
locked up So my dream had always been to
have a dog and I said if I
get out of covid I want a dog Total
that since I was so sick well my mother
told me come on Yes you'll see that you are going to
have a dog So my dream was to
have a chocolate poodle like
Ana Rosa's chocolate and since my brother
has allergies they told me that
chocolate poodles well no they don't cause
allergies so I entertained myself looking for
chocolate poodles everywhere
Okay my room and among all the ones I
saw Well I saw four little brothers who
seemed super cute to me that were supposed to
be chocolate poodles and I said
oh please how cute these four such
and
I don't care how but that dog is mine
wine  home my poodle neither chocolate
started growing nor medium nor Toy or
anything But you take this more and it became handsome
no how did you get how did you get how did
you get eh how did you get handsome that you
flip out Marta's detractors risk
would be criticizing her not only for having
bought it but because they would have
found the store where she
bought it Having published the photo
of the dog when she was in the advertisement
Well you can see a sign behind with the
name of the store and it turns out that it is
a store where you can buy the
puppies and they send them to you by
courier Mar Flores is
devastated because her son has been sentenced
to 21 months in prison and on Thursday she
decided that he is going in her son
the actor Carlos Constancia will have to
go to prison because he already had a
criminal record you know that
normally when it is less than 24 months you
can request a jail sentence by
fulfilling a series of requirements but
as El Chaval already had a record
among which are crimes
against road safety and one against
public order in the years 2015 and 2021
a  gem Well it turns out that the judge
or judge would have asked that it goes inside
apparently on this occasion he would have been
convicted of a continued fraud And it
seems that he was dedicated with another
colleague to selling luxury cars and
collected the entrance of these cars but
then never delivered them they would have
swindled a total of
92,900 euros I just don't understand at
what point you think that by doing this they are
not going to condemn you And you are not going to have
any problem Rocío Carrasco does not
appear at the trial she had for
alleged family abandonment and not having
paid child support It turns out
that Rocío Carrasco would know she was grasping at
straws And although the lawyer
has shown up, she would allege that Rocío
Carrasco did not receive the notification,
therefore, by not being duly
notified of this new appointment because you already
know that the date was changed, she is not going
to trial, she has not gone, she has presented us
they are waiting for a new date Rocío Flores
in the afternoon would participate in
her lawyers' YouTube channel where she would make some
quite powerful statements apart
from getting emotional and remembering how her mother  She
had her hammering away at those episodes on
television in front of millions of
viewers, she confessed that both she and
her brother had decided for
quite some time not only to invoke their
right not to testify against their mother
but also that her brother had decided to
drop the accusation against their mother
because whatever harm she had done it
is their mother that today Rocio Carrasco has
done wrong in not going because
a document had been filed where her son
David Flores had withdrawn the thing that she
brought and in addition had
announced that he was not going to testify
against his mother that headline for me
is the headline, that is to say that the son of
Barrasco who would make a
private accusation that through
a would be notified that he did not want to be a
private accusation regarding that child
support that
Carrasco had not paid to his son Rocio that
pension has been received by another brother of
his father
to explain a little to people it is
super important to explain something David
made the decision some time ago not to
continue with the accusation okay when he
goes to court the first time he explains it
clearly he explains that what he wanted
was for his parents to stop
denouncing each other and they claimed the
pensions for both of them Yes yes completely
in court when he was offered
shares he appeared as an accusation
precisely for that reason and he
said so before a jury that
parts of David's statement were taken out but
that part was not clearly taken out there comes a
time when I have seen what I saw
David says and the only thing I have wanted
was that my parents I am not going to
get it then Okay then talk
to me he tells me and I Of course my
applicant this has always been super
clear it has always been super Clear despite
all the damage she has done to me is having
shown me publicly in a documentary
as she has done and despite seeing my
life destroyed as she has done I have
always had the position Clara that she
was my mother in this not only would we
discover this but there are other
series of headlines I personally
recommend that you go to the Straight
to the Heart Channel to see it in full because it is
wonderful and for example Jesús Manuel
Ruiz drops a bomb And it is that it would have
reached his ears that some people
around Rocío Carrasco and Fidel or
people close to them would be eager to be able to
tell many things that would no longer be so
close to these people and  that's good that
basically they are eager to start la
traviata Jesus Manuel does not say in this
live who he is referring to but
people would be speculating that it
could be Gustavo, Maria
Teresa Campo's driver and everything would coincide
Gustavo is a close person and that he
would have coincided on several occasions
with Fidel and with Rosito because of the closeness they have
with the Campo family and
precisely Jesus Manuel says that this
person would be eager to talk and tell
things but right now they are united by
someone and that someone has to
go to stop uniting them for me it
would be Maria Teresa Campos and perhaps those
people will one day have to come
forward with
a clue and before starting I gave I'm not
going to give the name right now because it
corresponds to him but I have
told you Rocío that some time ago
within the world of Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel there were people who were very close they were
even friends they even shared and I
know that those people are not even that
close Imagine is far away and that he wants
to tell many things what happens is that
some
intermediaries will have to leave in order to talk about it Yes
but as you know  I am not in favor of
getting into no if I don't say I can't
say you on those issues I don't even want to give my
opinion I think he has made it
clear but not in white and in a bottle
that he is referring to the driver Alberto
Menés has uploaded a video being quite
critical of both the position of Rocío
Carrasco and this new
judicial strategy that we would have found out and it would
also be surprising if Rocío
Flores and her family Antonio David and
others did not want to make statements
in the morning but then went to
YouTube and did them there something with
which I Well I personally think it
is logical and normal that
one thing does not contradict the other
because you may not want to make
statements in the morning to the press
because the bases on your channel which is
completely legal or wherever you agree
the lawyer or the lawyer not the
legal representation of that
person and that person has not found
out they do not want to sell us that that
person has not found out that there was
that personal situation as
nobody believes it and it is clear that Rocío
Carrasco was aware of that appointment
I want to know what may be behind two
no  I finally understand and you'll let me go
Well if you don't forgive me you have two
problems angry and letting go I don't
fully understand that the doors of the
court say that no
statements are made and hours later we are on
a YouTube channel lawyer clients
explaining things that have to do with
a judicial process that is still
open as a journalist it is hard for me to
understand it also in front of a journalist the
journalist bar lawyer with a speech
also somewhat partisan who is Jesús
Manuel it is a personal assessment that I make
sorry I have to be objective
sincerely with this news that I am going to
tell you I think we are going to see
I understand that there are people more
familiar with social networks and
others less but I believed that at
this point in life even long
before these heights people would not
fall for this type of
scam It turns out that a scammer pretended to be
Brad Pitt talking to
a lady from Granada and has scammed her
No more and no less than 170,000 euros
talking to her flirting with her
making the lady believe that he was
Brad Pig and that he was going to  travel to Spain and
asks him for borrowed money to come to
Spain and that he will pay him back later one
of the photographs that the press is apparently
saying the press used you
to pull off this scam is this one you
're seeing on the screen to
show them that it's the real
Brad Pig honey I really love you and I
promise to pay you back in full honey I still
love you and I'm still here to I mean really
this is mind-blowing I don't know if here in
those it was a bit of the news or what but
come on whatever this is like this is like this I
'm freaking out I mean
really with all due respect really I mean I do
n't know with all due respect the truth but it's just that I just
can't understand I can't understand
well we were talking at length
about this case it's the case of the actor Luis
Lorenzo and his wife girlfriend partner it's
the case of the actor Luis Lorenzo and his
partner Arantxa Palomino And it turns out that
the aunt who lived with them died
in a very suspicious manner and there were certain
movements of money I also remember
no And well there were suspicions that
these people had poisoned her to
keep all the money the
investigation has taken a turn that has
completely changed the  you come back and it
turns out that according to the newspaper
ABC the autopsy has revealed that the aunt did
not die poisoned therefore these
people would have done absolutely
nothing wrong this opens up a very
interesting melon because in programs like
Sálvame with the lawyer Monse Suárez the one
who says that Antonio VI is not innocent
because he has not been tried this same
lawyer in that same program with
some collaborators talked about this
case taking him for guilty what a
surprise for some reason with some
intention that I don't know also I don't know
if to renew with this thing that they have been
kicked out of Telecinco that they have taken away
the program Well really They are still
continuing with all lies and with socialites
at the moment although many rumors were running
and claiming that these two programs would
be in the eye of Mira de Borja
Prado What happens is that it seems that at
the last minute someone would have
stopped them a little bit they will not have
told him Hey Calm down he just loaded you
Sálvame Calm down a little friend Calm down they
have released a statement in which they
present a new logo for the
company and basically speaking to their
followers in this statement not to
worry that he will soon return and that they will
continue creating projects as great
as the ones they have done until now
[Music]
And yes, you have changed the logo and you
have announced it precisely on the same
day that the sentence in which
you have been convicted of defaming
Antonio David Flores and firing him from his
job unlawfully became final. Tonight
the Survivor final took place
in which Boku was
crowned the winner.
Honestly, I was surprised because I
thought he would beat Dara or Raf, who
by the way, people are super upset,
accusing the program of fixing it because
Raf didn't beat him. The final
was full of emotions, full of
tension, full of all kinds of
feelings, as usually happens, including
kisses from the finalists.
[Applause]
But anyway, whoever wins, all the
finalists take home a good amount of money,
although obviously not the
same as with the prize. And well, the
shadow of doubt regarding the
nominations, the votes, the
expulsions and the winners, something
that has always hovered in all the
reality shows on television I
sincerely believe that I sincerely
believe that on some occasions they may have
put their hand in a little bit but it is something
that we cannot confirm however
Alba Carrillo is going to tell us something
next It turns out that Alba
Carrillo who now has an
online program has exploded this afternoon in a
brutal way you have repented against
all of Telecinco and she has not left her
head untouched the annoyance that Alba
Carrillo has had is that when it was announced that Jorge
Pérez will be a contestant on the new
reality show this summer that they are going to air
on Telecinco, many people would be
bothering her on social networks and
remembering the episode that this
man lived with Alba Carrillo And this would not have been
funny at all Alba
Carrillo provoking this reaction with a
lot of people Well, it has to
affect my life
and whatever they want and I cannot
answer then nothing happens now I do not
depend on you for anything
before it was out of politeness not because you are
better than taking away the bread because you have never
given it to me but now it's over I
will not stop for a moment from saying what I
think and  what has happened so that
people know what's on this morning I
get up and then as they don't stop
posting things to see if they can get
the programming and the audience that they are not
going to put it out because the problem is that the
audience is not stupid and they have
realized your game well this with a
lot of people that they want Well, it
has to affect
my life among other headlines that
Alba Carrillo would have left in this
apotheotic explosion she would have commented on
things like the dubious
working conditions that she would have had while she has been
working in Ana Rosa's production company
that has them sued and they
are awaiting trial that
Ana Rosa's son at that famous
Unicorn party where she ended up
hooking up with Jorge He was also
flirting with a girl and everyone
knows that he is married
and then there comes a time when there are
people who don't we won't keep quiet anymore
but wait there is more for
you I am waiting for a trial I am
waiting for the dates for my
working conditions I will talk about this subject at
length because to clean up a network
okay It is not enough to fire people  or
complete people you have to clean
from the bottom or rather from the top
from the people at the top that way you
clean a chain and I've told you
before if you sit down and say let's see you
tell me about Villarejo your son who was
married has had sex with someone or
not but at the party where you are
putting Alba
Carrillo down you I don't know what And then
things are cleaned from the bottom up from the bottom
up you Madam businesswoman of the
year that they gave you the other day or
last year I don't know when a medal Well then
we'll talk about my
working conditions it's okay that lady who at
the meeting of the community of Madrid that
I am from Madrid and I speak I carry
Madrid as a flag eh said that she would use the
place where she was already born had
become Chinatown you have
become a classist because you have been
very lucky and because you stabbed
María Teresa Campos in her day but just
like stabbed with an iron they will kill her and
nothing will happen because when so much
pain is done in the end you leave many corpses and I'm
going to tell you what corpses Well  that
your little friends the ones you had
around here have been paid more where they are
soles and they have run away so you can see
the type of people you surround yourself with and then to
the people who have been faithful like a
dog when you have treated us like
[ __ ] [ __ ] not one message from you
Mrs. Ana Rosa to tell me Hey look I am
very sorry that for reasons that
you yourselves said that it was for
Telecinco that you have fought
for me because you did not take I am
very sorry for having played with your son's bread
because you have three we will see arrivals
we are with the path we will meet
But I am still the same they did to him and that is why he
left because the woman has to eat
reality that they are going to broadcast Now it turns out
that Alba Carrillo comments that the
program is already recorded and that it is already
known that Jorge Pérez coincidentally is the
winner from Telecinco they would have
asked her not to say anything but Alba
Carrillo since she no longer has any kind of
commitment with them has prolonged it the
winner of this summer's reality show on
Telecinco is Jorge that I withdrew a
lawsuit because of what happened to her son but she
told me a  day on TV that is that
is an outrage And I don't know how they
kicked him in the holy
ass and they have him in his [ __ ] house in
the moral that of course I asked
Feliciano for money
if they don't know about law or they don't know about the
left or that I asked
Feliciano for money and then we had to
divide it by the days that we had been
married and that was what it cost to spend
one night with Alba one day with Alba
Carrillo well what am I going to tell him but if you
're calling me a [ __ ] look
around you Because there's no one in my house I'm
going to keep telling you things
okay Spain the mediaset advertising
called me 15 days before this non-
renewal thing because it has gotten into
Whisper's balls and then it's the one that
sponsored this shitty
reality show that he's going to watch now that
Jorge Pérez is going to and Cristina contributes because she was
very fond of her already on the reality show that
my mother went to and by the way I have
the impression that Jorge is going to win
spoiler I'm telling you because it's also that you have to
work with people who don't
go on about it what happens is that since you
pay poorly Well no one is faithful to you because
I am little but there is little for everyone so
people are such but when they see that there is
money for one and for others they get angry
normally me too Well they called me
from Publia España saying that the channel was
terrible that the advertisers were leaving
and that please I had to
row in favor you took away the
advertisers you took away the advertising
you told me not to go to the
temptations debate anymore when they called me today
a person who
is in contact with Mediaset wrote to me to
tell me please don't say that Jorge has
won the reality show because there are those who have
worked on that reality show you are
risking their bread some of them some have
said Hey I think it's terrible that you have
thrown the bacarrillo some of them have
made a minimal mention a minimal
message with everything that I have done for
that channel some colleague has said what a
shame that this girl has left with all the
things that you have done I wouldn't know how to
say which of the headlines is
stronger but another of the things that has been
said also is that  he realized and
found out This is something that has also been
speculated about a lot not always since
reality shows exist always that in Big
Brother VIP I already knew who won before
closing the phones they
had still closed the phones
and Paco Fernández one of the
executives of the network approached me and he said Alba
that it's also necessary to see the
executives that put I [ __ ] in the milk
you know what it's that I'm going to have to give them
one of those summer bruño booklets
But well Alba well well you were there there
with Adara Eh In the end he
won you But there there and I told him Paco they
supposedly haven't closed the phones yet I
swallowed it and put on a brave face as if I did
n't know since I had lost you have it
all studied don't deceive anymore do
things right don't deceive the audience if you
want as advice as advice that I
am nobody If you want to improve what
you have to do is stop deceiving so
you see family this has not left
anyone indifferent this photograph
that you are seeing on screen along with
other Instagram stories of Sofía
Suescun in the  who has shown to be having a
barbecue at home with Rocio Carrasco has
irritated some people a lot It
turns out that Rocio Carrasco would have
stopped by Sofia Suescun's house
supposedly because she would have
saved some Chain boots for her so that
she wouldn't miss them because they had
sold out okay anyway
nobody believes this this is a promo from Sofia Suecom
who is taking advantage of the fact that Rocio
Carrasco is at home to create a stir
and win more purchases with that code
because they are Rosa shoes you
know how these people are not from
soap operas and how easy it is to manipulate
people and take it to the jackpot by putting on something
Rosa This is that simple
and that clear social networks
would have criticized Rocio Carrasco for
always being so affectionate with people
that she crushes her daughter on the dishes already
at the time we saw how she took
pictures with Kiko Hernandez or with Kiko
Jimenez and on this occasion Well, she's
hugging Sofia Sueco with whom she would
surely be sharing a barbecue at the house of one of the two
I think Sofia's  suescum also
let's not forget that these two have one
thing in common and that is that they are the big
banned from all the mediaset networks
a very chatty reporter who is not
from sesame street is from Europa prem has
made all of Twitter and a large part
of the social networks laugh with this video that I'm
going to put below I want you to pay
very close attention to these 28 seconds
because it is supposed that the one inside
the car is Mara falcó with her mother and
as some twitterers say this
scene is worthy of an almodóvar film
ra Isabel How was the trip have you been able to
check out Westworth's dress
where she looks a lot like the Spirit of
gray Kelly from Tamara are you going to keep the
mystery and you are not going to see Íñigo until
the wedding does you
think he is scared because of the
accusations from the police that he came out
to see I don't know if the chief will have
awarded him for this video no but the
truth is that it has made us laugh quite a bit
By the way, on July 8th sonsones onega
for the moment has already announced that there will be
a special program in which  is going to
cover the long awaited event of
Tamara Falcó's wedding with Íñigo or it's snowing just a
few days ago it's only been a
week since sálvame left
television and we already have Adela González who is
very lucky because she wants that
apart from having merit whether she is a
professional you like it or whatever She is
lucky the way things are
today on atresmedia on la sexta which
belongs to the group three halves this
time Adela González along with her
partner and the one who will be her
battle partner for a long time Boris and
Aguirre will present a program on la
seta that will be called más vale sábado they have
been the lucky ones to present más
vale sábado it will be time to work
all the weekend think that it is a
summer program it is not a summer program it
must be remembered that Boris Izaguirre is
going to be replaced on Spanish television
in lazos de sangre Jordi González So do
n't see how the panorama is How
each one is moving their cards and the
rebujina of presenters
collaborators and celebrities that there are on
the channels right now Marta riosco
does a  a couple of days ago she gave an
interview on the SER network in which she
comments on how her situation is on
social networks and she took the opportunity to talk about
her haters, which you already know she has a
few that are quite
intense and whether she wants it or not for better
or for worse Marta is always in the
mouths of many people and stirring up a
hornet's nest, I don't know if
sometimes she does it on purpose or if it comes out
unintentionally but the thing is that at the
moment she always creates a stir. By the way, she had
another go with Marina enal and she
took it very badly that Marina took a
picture in the bathroom Marina enala committed the very
serious crime of taking a
picture in the bathroom posing with one of
the outfits that she lent her to
promote Marta's ex-friend and Marta
has exploded on her Instagram account
criticizing Marina anal for how she poses you
have blown up my phone with messages
sending me a certain person posing with
certain items of clothing and such, not in a
bathroom like I did, the thing about bathrooms,
as you know, always, well, they are
bathrooms with clothes, I'm not going to comment on anything, to be
honest, because thinking about it carefully it would be
very easy to make jokes or not get involved with
certain things but I'm not going to do it
because I would become someone I don't
want to be and I would do what I don't like, so do
n't let them do it to me either. So I wish
the best to all the people in the
world. Even though those people have
hurt me, I wish them the best, that
one thing succeeds as a model influencer
and the other that I succeeded a lot
selling a lot and I really
mean it Because I believe that when you
wish for good things, life brings you
good things even though I know that it is an
incredible chapter in the marrtassion
comment on this because please it's that of
course I have also woken up that they have
passed me this tweet and I have really
said see It's that this is this is a
Tuesday a good chapter but
the joke is easy everything is easy and I
agree and without serving the precedent
with this tweet this is a fantasy or rather
this is a fantasy These are things that
happen in the series in the series in the
reality shows that we see in the United
States and all that is fantasy but for
greater fantasy the person or rather during
your account what happens to me what does not
happen to me is worth the person in this store  okay
last night he started liking all the
photos of my friend from 12 years 14 years ago
with whom I went to the festival So he
went into my Stories to see
who I was with and he started liking
all the photos of my friend my ex
friend I know with what intention he started
liking all the photos of my
soul mate of my friend Esther my
friend Esther when she got home and
saw it she said this is not the girl who is like
and I said yes and she said Well
look and she sent me The screenshots
of this person giving likes to all the
photos of this friend whom she doesn't know and
hasn't known her life with what intention I
don't expect them this is a new chapter
in the Natasha she might also want to
dress my friend I don't know the
intentions But it happened I would give
like to a friend of a person with
whom I don't speak with whom that person
goes to a festival and I don't know that I don't know
how many Manuel the son of concha Velasco
wanted to release a statement to the
press to calm down a bit about
the speculations there are regarding the
health status of her mother Concha
Velasco And there are many people who I do
n't know if they are making a mistake about Carmen
Sevilla or are spreading rumors just
because they want to and out of malice But
honestly it would be worth it I would be pissed off
Sorry for the expression having to be
constantly warning that my mother
is still well she is still the same let's see the fact that they are
giving Chabelaco a nursing home and she is
very old does not mean that she has
little time left or I mean stop making
comments unfortunate because maybe
the woman will last 10 more years 15
more years who knows I hope they are the maximum I
hope they are a lot it seems
that people are there for the woman to
leave man please have some respect that
these things feel terrible for the family
Manuel Cortés has released a statement to
the press because Mariló Montero had no
other idea recently than to say some
very unfortunate words that he was going to
stop visiting Concha Velasco that he was
not going to go anymore because he
found her too weak I read you more or
less what Manuel the
son of Concha has communicated  Velasco told the press in a
statement, my mother remains stable
within her delicate general condition,
assures Manuel, making it clear that Concha is
doing well within what is now
her normality in the residence, she remains
in her magnificent residence in Las Rosas,
withdrawing pure air accompanied at all
times and with all the attention and
care that she needs, there has been no
serious worsening of her health
nor any new hospital admissions, he
has also confirmed that she is
regularly transferred to the hospital to
receive the treatment and
constant supervision that her illness requires, after
this he took the opportunity to ask for
timid privacy when this happens as until
now Manuel has also been explaining
that he has had to turn off his
phone sometimes to rest a little
because he is always answering all the
media, all the journalists and
the people who ask him about his mother,
that every night before going to
sleep he checks WhatsApp and answers
everything, that he has another personal mobile phone or if there is
an emergency, whatever it may be, but
that mobile phone, the one he has, people turn it off,
also Manuel has stressed that he finds
some of the memes that
are being made on Twitter to be in quite bad taste, such as
pools to see who is going to
die first  comparing her with other
famous people or the clickbait titles on
YouTube from people who imply
with both the thumbnail and the title that
Concha Velasco has died, okay,
Concha Velasco is still here,
please respect. It has been leaked that
Coyote Dax, who was already on Big Brother
many years ago, could return to this
new edition of Big Brother VIP 19
years later. At the moment, what is known
is that apparently he has signed the
pre-contract. Well, the pre-contract does not
mean anything yet, okay, let me warn you
because it may not be definitive.
A lot of pre-contracts are signed. We have already
heard news on many occasions about
celebrities who sign a pre-contract but
then in the end it turns out that they are not
on the reality shows. So let's wait,
by the way, remembering these words that
Alba Carrillo said the other day in the
middle of her explosion, referring to the
chongos on Telecinco's reality shows,
the phones and Paco Fernández,
one of the network's executives, approached me and
Alba told me that you also have to see
the executives who put I [ __ ] on their
milk, you know what, I'm going to have to
give them a  bruño notebook of those
summer ones But well Caro anyway Alba well well you were there there
with Eh In the end he
won But there there and I told him Paco they
supposedly haven't closed the phones yet
this is half a being And what does he say I
swallowed it because I love that he had
beaten Dara Hey look great
I swallowed it and put on a brave face as if I did
n't know since I had lost you have
everything studied don't deceive anymore do
things right don't deceive the audience if
you want as advice as advice that I
'm nobody If you want to improve what you
have to do is stop deceiving Well it
turns out that on the networks right
now there is another controversy Because the
other day in the final the presenter of
survivor declared boxco the winner
before the phones were closed
in this clip that you are going to see
below you can hear how the
presenter says introducing Dara okay
the presentation of Ada that comes into the
set she has not won but she would have
deserved it like the others go ahead adara
the explanation that they are giving regarding
this is that well that  there was no one who had won
at that time
and they weren't giving anyone
else the win so well I don't know there is always a
shadow of doubt there has always been
a bit of speculation I think that on
some occasions Maybe they could have
scripted the circumstances a little
but in others they are real depending
on how it comes to them and also Making
television which also has to be done
by the way the
presentation video of Jorge Pérez for the
new summer reality show that is going to be
broadcast on Telecinco has been leaked and people on
social networks are agreeing
with Alba Carrillo that
this guy is a fake a cheeky and that he is
playing the role of his life
When all the blame for what happened was
probably on him I don't fit in with
people who, in order to have a
presence, try to look for
unnecessary shows or where there are none and above
all people who tell lies people who
might think that I am politically
correct who might think that this
makes me a piece of furniture it is true that
I am politically correct I like the
idea of ​​going on vacation but I don't know
who I am going to find there as
one of the couples of the moment around
the  Telecinco reality shows are Adara and
Bosco who sealed their love in the
Survivor finale with this beautiful scene it
's time to jump
straight in nonstop I think we're
live now I think we're live now
dancing dogs and more subscribe to the
Channel Okay now yes Now yes louder
you won't regret it Well the last few
days there's been speculation about an alleged
infidelity by Bosco which I don't know what
happened because these people fall
in love, fall out of love and I don't find out
about anything I don't have time I can't get the hang of it
I know that Lara's relationships are very complicated
but the last thing I
expected was that it hasn't even started yet
Practically the relationship between Bosco and
her and suddenly we find out about
Busco's first infidelity towards Dara
the truth is that a relationship that
starts on a reality show when they don't
know each other well they have practically not
spoken reality simply the last
two or three weeks in which it is seen that there is
no spark and suddenly they
give the final it had been said that in
the hotel room they had
heard each other tell me  your name between screams and
sobs anyway you know and well
suddenly they half confirm it and
now social and he tells you that well they
saw him at a party and such Bosco
with other girls no Well let's see
exactly what it's about my people, but not
before reminding you to smash the
subscription button, the
like and the bell button so that
the notifications of the videos and the
live shows arrive And we start with that unexpected
betrayal of Bosco to give to molinero as
soon as he left survivor 2023 according to
socialite just a few hours after
confirming his relationship with Adam molinero
Bosco was caught with several girls
during the party after the
final gala of survivors 2023 there were several
surprises the final gala of suffering
2023 on the one hand on the one hand
Bosco's victory I think well although he can
win we thought he
was The favorites no against the two
big favorites of the edition
the same thing I just said and on the other hand
the unexpected kiss that they gave
live to give and Bosco massive  incipient
relationship with the information that we brought
from behind that well yes that they
had the survivor team Well I had
heard that they had had
something in the room the two of them and such no
this weekend the
Divine evening took place which was attended not
only by many Instagram influencers
the youtuber streamer but also
some television personalities such
as Belén Esteban accompanied by
her Andreita
[Applause]
apparently Belén Esteban according to
ibai has been commenting had an
incredible time she was there taking
pictures with everyone even with
Gerard Piqué whom she has criticized you
owe it to him when they brought up the subject of
Shakira and Belén There was a controversy
these days that has come out to clarify
Because the commentators of the evening
when they saw her with the patches on her
arm commented that it was to stop
smoking
Of course
[Music]
that will be here she wanted to
clarify that what she wears on her arm is not
to stop smoking but that it is a
sensor for the sugar issue and you
already know she has said a lot of times
that it is  diabetic no Hello everyone,
the sensor that I wear on my arm is not
to stop smoking it is to measure my
sugar because I am diabetic, normalizing
the situation in this way, I do not have to
share with you a little thing that
Ivan, Antonio David's lawyer, mentioned
in his last live broadcast and it is a
quite powerful thing
about a clause that was not known before, he
just revealed in this live broadcast that they
modified Antonio David's last contract
when he was on Sálvame it
turns out that they normally had
a series of penalties for missing
work, for leaving the set, for not showing up,
for changing, well there was some
penalty in there were no some
clauses that were a little ambiguous,
at the time, for example, it caught my
attention that there was one that said that you had to
follow the guidelines of the
program and listen to the directors,
of course, this was very ambiguous, no, and it
makes me think that's why many
collaborators today give their
opinion and take the side that
management asks them to, no, but well, on
this occasion, Ivan reveals that there was a
change months before  the
docuseries would start in Antonio
David's contract regarding the clause that
penalizes him for not appearing on the program,
leaving the set or simply not
going to work, no, from 4,000 to 40,000 the
penalty is worth this, what would I want to say
is more than clear and I already had the
idea Clara as always and this confirms it for me, there are
not many people who say that
Antonio David had already planned to
fire him since they were recording the
docuseries but I think not and I am
completely sure that it is not and this
confirms it for me what the television factory
was really planning was to have
Rosita bursting the audience telling
everything, putting Antonio David Flores green
and during the week the rest of the days Antonio
David Flores from Sálvame responding
to everything and everything full of content and that is why
that clause and others that were there no and
apart from the clause they renewed his
contract when they were already recording
the docuseries, I mean, they already knew what
Rosita was recording, you know what she
was saying, besides no and they were not
thinking of firing him, they were not thinking of firing him, they
fired him later because
Irene Montero got involved, all the
politics got involved and so on Irene
Monteroles from the office The one who got into a mess on
social media, not ideology and so on,
feminism and it got out of hand, it
was not compatible with the assumption that what
Rocío Carrasco is saying in that
documentary and what they put together in that
documentary was real with them having
Antonela El plato knows, I mean because it is
assumed that if they believe in Rocío Carrasco they
completely condemn Antonio David So it
got out of hand and they had no choice
but to fire him, the dismissal is null
because you don't even have the
dismissal prepared, they handled it in the worst
possible way, assuming whatever
consequences would come to them, I mean, look,
now it's not final Well now they have to
pay 200,000 euros more or less, no, two
years later it has been super
profitable for them, okay, we'll see, no, because there are
still many lawsuits coming and so on,
no, but for now, yes, okay, what these people
had planned was to have Antonio
David all week tiki tiki tiki
answering what is going on, well,
Antonio David if he was going to be
answering Rocío Carrasco in the
documentary the cache was not the same to
have him there insured and get the
maximum potential and the maximum performance out of
him they made the monkey, they made the
bed for him okay or rather they tried to make the
bed for him that in the end they did not make it but
because they fired him which was worse No
but the idea was to have him there as a
collaborator and there answering there
answering because if he did not answer
penalty
understand me
They are very well advised and they
have magnificent lawyers who
know perfectly well
the dismissal modify truth do you remember
David had signed an employment contract
with the television factory where as a
character he had to pay
compensation in case of termination or non-
appearance
well a few months before I do not remember when
three six months they modified the
contract David did not give it any
importance because not even I
found out truth I want to tell you to me
the civilization of the contract complies with me they
come to renew the contract they
show it to me on the set itself before
entering and I see a modification at
least striking in the penalty as
Ivan was saying if you leave
and do not return I was working without a
contract  20 days 20 days because they
gave me the contract and I said that first I was
n't going to renew for six months, I was going to
renew for a year and that maybe they had made a
mistake by saying zero because we were
talking about the fact of leaving the
set, leaving Sálvame, not going on a day that they
called you, there was a penalty
as it came with Iván, set at 4,000
euros, things after that, almost 20
days that I won't sign the contract, it is
thought about so much that it is practically impossible,
I am practically forced to have to
sign that contract because I
had a debt with the Treasury that I had to
finish paying and I had to
financially support my family,
therefore it was not a nonsense to
leave there, you had to be there Yes or
yes And that modification in the contract
came to tell you that from 4,000 € for
leaving the program they were going to 40,000, of course
when you see this José Manuel
Maybe what you were
thinking with the factory
that your departure would happen is that I don't
understand very well that of the modification,
okay
because here there has been a violation of
fundamental rights but here there has
there's something we can't leave
aside and that's the
single thought they didn't allow anyone to refute
But that didn't happen when they were going to
broadcast not even the first day of
broadcasting the documentary because their
business was to have David that's why the
clause so he couldn't leave
the program at any time And why
were you both summoned that
Monday morning you summoned because that
was what they were looking for I'm telling you Here to what
Ivan is saying which is incredible I
add not only so that Antonio
David stays Ivan for cantonavit
stays as a collaborator Charging as a
collaborator okay answering
Carrasco as a collaborator that's the
pact That's the penalty That's the
clause okay that surely If he
had fought and gotten angry and so
on Well maybe he would have gotten them to
raise it Because obviously
being the protagonist every day the
same thing should have been raised no
but having had it taken that
would have
worked for them The truth is that they were
idiots Because honestly that's what would have
worked for them that he had
known there And that he  he could be seen
defended and that the other would have looked
terrible But well it was not very compatible
Jesus Manuel Ruiz has announced
exclusively the next lawsuit that is going to
eat the television factory apparently
a civil lawsuit has already been filed for violation of the honor,
privacy and good image of
Raquel Bollo this lawsuit will be taken by the
law firm a verum headed
by lawyers Mario bonacho and Antonio
González zapatero who are incredible
as lawyers I know them They are incredible
I actually had a trial with
Mario bonacho not in which he
defended me but he was the opposite one
I won the case But because the client
that Mario had in that case, you already know, was
not right, I was already
talking about that in the chavalería okay it was in
November of last year now we are
waiting for the sentence of the
provincial court but the truth is that this firm
has a very good reputation and has handled
a lot of media cases both for
sálvame and against other
television programs he has been Jesulín Duque's lawyer
I think he is also
Belén ro's lawyer I think in this firm  Jesús
Manuel Ruiz did his internship to be a
lawyer and well they don't go into much
detail about what the lawsuit is going to be
but basically the designer Raquel
Bollo would claim that she has suffered four
months of abuse for not wanting to take a
stand in favor of Rocío Carrasco And she
had to leave Sálvame and La Fábrica de
la Tele because they wouldn't allow a
contrary opinion David Valdeperas in an
interview he had on
Catalan television has given more details
about Jorge Javier Vázquez's current state of health he
is making his journey
yes we would say that he is making his
journey he is fine you can talk to him
and he will give you explanations of things but I think he
needs his process
many things have happened in the last few months we
were trying until the
morning of the 23rd there were possibilities that it would
and we didn't want to know if we could
drag it out it's like an end without him is
like the end is not written because
for it to end definitively he has to
close El Chiringuito this is
how Valdepera himself describes it in this
interview he did on
Catalan television Well the truth is that it did
turn out quite strange I think that
surely everyone is going to
agree with me that the closing of
sálvame well no could not be without Jorge
Javier and the truth is that it was a
bit like something was missing No me at
least I don't know about you but I was expecting I don't
know if an appearance from the presenter
there or at least a video call not
a video call an audio call
whatever but something but the thing is that there was
nothing There was nothing and so far well
not many details are known it is not
known what is wrong with him the only
data that is known is
that when he found out that they were
thinking in the new directive of
firing him well it seems that he got a
hot flash and went to the hospital that is not the
only thing that is known we do not know if it is a
pulse that the chain is making him we do not know
if it is a recommendation to win
some procedure but the thing is that
Jorge Javier still does not appear on
telecinco not even to say goodbye And to
close his very soon
the sálvame deluxe will also end we will see
if for that reason Jorge Javier appears or
not surely all of you who are
watching this video right now and
are followers of mine on my channel teles
salseo by the way if there's anyone who
isn't subscribed to teles salseo
do me a favor and subscribe now too
because we're missing 3,000 subscribers to
reach my first 100,000
surely you remember that when I
met Carlota corredera I
asked her about those rumors that there was
going to be a YouTube channel and
this was her response Carlota do we have a
YouTube channel then or not that I don't
have a YouTube channel that's a lie
please
Well nothing family we don't have it on
YouTube one thing that we miss out on in the
end It turns out that it's not that we miss out that
Carlota corredera lied to us a little bit And it seems
that that little that was announced superlatives has
indeed done so on YouTube That yes without
much success at the moment at the moment the
first program Well it hasn't exceeded
15,000 visits its first guest has
been Belén Esteban the first episode of
superlatives premieres it premieres with x I
said it premieres that the nerves it
premieres next Wednesday July 5th
today is Monday so the next  5
next July 5th next Wednesday
through YouTube and through
Spotify You will be able to
enjoy an episode of every week
and well so you can see a little bit of what it's about
and what the tone is that it's going to
take so
as not to lose contact and the
editorial line of Carlota corredera they have
a kind of section of a certain
doctor sorora doctor sorora or the
superlatives Hello Carlota Congratulations
on this new adventure and thank you for
creating a safe space for dialogue
You said in the promo when you announced the
creation of this podcast that you are an
intense woman and I ask you How many
times have you heard that you are intense and
how many times have you pointed it out as a
positive quality few true
women are always criticized for their intensity
their desire to live their passion But
why is this strength bothersome because
women who use a
slightly high volume of voice are pointed out a gesticulation
that deviates from the feminine standard
while men for the same reason are
congratulated for their dedication the answer is
very simple and sad women
try to bother because of machismo because they
stray from the marked path of what is
expected  Some of them make a lot of noise and are
different the journalist and writer Ana
requena in her book called intense
warns that intense is the new
hysterical so pay close attention Because
behind a comment like this there is
an attempt to discipline, to take away
Freedom of expression in
opinions Even an attempt to
make you feel ridiculous in order to avoid
assuming the emotional responsibility that
everyone has for what they provoke
in another person Women do not
need to be marked in the direction
of what we should be but if they do, let it be
very clear to them that
intensity is another instrument to
tear down those walls that pigeonhole us
So let's stop calling women
intense in a pejorative way, let's respect
the intensities and the passions, the
anger and the sensitivities this
is also feminism as you have been able to
see the editorial line of this
girl is going to continue being the same so it is going to
continue causing the same
rejection I would love to know the opinion
of the sororal doctor on the
selective sorority of Carlota corredera for
example with Jules Janeiro for example
with Raquel bollo or with infinity  as an
example that I can give you but that's what
my chat is for you're probably going to
give me a ton of cases also
appeared by surprise the directors
of Sálvame David Valdepera and Alberto
Díaz Cabezón but as I tell you so the
program has not passed 15,000
views on YouTube we'll see if in the
end the youtubers had some
merit with our work Rosario
Mohedano has shared
the following information on her Twitter account the
following news that just broke
waiting for the plane to take off and they
send me this soon trial of
operation deluxe reading this what do you think is going to
happen let's see I'll summarize a little
the news that Rosario is commenting on and it is about
the first prison sentence
supposedly according to the headline this
headline is a little biased I also
tell you first prison sentence for a
journalist for revealing information from
a judicial summary it is not the first
sentence okay It is not the first conviction
for revealing secrets for this type
of issues sincerely
the line is very thin between the rights that
a journalist has in revealing certain
statements that are newsworthy with what
would be a revelation  of Secret okay it
is illegal for things to be leaked to you from a
summary that is secret yes by
the official who leaked it to you
surely Yes the issue is that
journalists have a certain right
to information right also to not
reveal their source okay not even before
a judge this press release does not specify
which news and what
specific information has been condemned
but apparently it is information that
was in the summary of the Laura
Luelmo case Laura Luelmo was a case in
Huelva in Andalusia of a girl who
if I'm not mistaken not only was she
kidnapped and held hostage
but I think there were sexual issues I
think also well they murdered her in the
end the thing is that this person
Laura Luelmo was not a
media personality she was not a well-known person her
image was known on screen
basically because as she had been a
missing girl who was being
searched for then the
photo has to be published okay as she is a girl who is
missing they publish the photo so that
people can give information can give
some clue about her whereabouts but
basically here what I understand what
I understand If at some point there is
more  information I will tell you but
here what I understand is that there has been
news about things that were in
the summary that were not newsworthy that
may be things that are not newsworthy
man, well we are talking about a
person who is not a media person,
not a character Like for example a
Rocío Carrasco Belén Esteban okay, she is a
person Laura luelmo that we are very
far from the media that has only been
known because of a misfortune I am
very sorry from here a
huge hug to the family but I think you
understand where I am going okay something
that is not newsworthy for anything
about her privacy anything about
her private life Maybe something that
says in the summary about a date
Some boyfriend or something family some
illness I don't know Okay anything like
that Okay well they will have given some news
that has nothing to do with the case
itself the news is what happened to
the girl and things of the investigation
that lead us to the culprit along those lines
and I this Well apart from the fact that it is not
the first conviction regarding This okay,
two years in prison that
the journalist has been sentenced to does not enter  in
jail okay He doesn't go to jail, this is a
suspended sentence, it would not be a jail sentence,
this is called a prison sentence and it
has nothing to do with operation
deluxe okay, it has nothing to do with it, the
only thing it has to do with is that a
journalist finds and receives
information in a certain way and they
publish it okay, in the matter of operation
light for something similar to happen and not
for defending him okay because I want
justice to be done and whatever the
judges consider to be done, I have the best
videos, I think there are on YouTube right now
reporting on this subject, you can
look for one on my main channel
called GTA operation deluxe and it's
also interesting in gossip. But honestly, I
think that almost everyone is going to get away with it,
I think that the one who is going to
get the most is the policeman and we'll see,
the crime of revealing secrets, in order for it to be
punished, in order for it to be convicted, it
has to be reported by the
victims. Okay, then for me it wouldn't
be newsworthy, because for me something
that crosses the line. Maybe whatever
information can be given, well, it
would be publishing police files,
publishing, for example, that  Chabelita has
gone to the hospital and has bled, so for me
that could be newsworthy. But it crosses
the line, for me that crosses the line, okay,
the problem lies in who has shown up,
okay, because maybe
Chabelita, for example, with her they have
crossed the line and maybe she
could get a conviction, but if
they are not showing up, her case will
not be judged, that is, ex officio it will not be judged,
therefore, in the matter of the
light operation, first we would have to see who shows
up and of those who show up,
what has been obtained, only from the people who
have shown up, to me, who have
obtained the police file of Pepito
Fernández and Pepito Fernández has not
shown up, it is of no use to me if he has not shown
up, he will not be prosecuted, I don't know if you
are understanding me, and the journalists.
Well, as I said, they have a
right to information, they have secrecy, they have I do
n't know what they have, I don't know how much, and
for me, journalists and everything that
has to do with the program will not
have any type of penal repercussion.
In any civil case, what does that mean?
Money is worth it, that is, the people of  Save me, the
people from the TV who are involved
in this, the owners, the journalists,
whatever, it's going to be solved with money,
fines, at most, at most, a lot of
money, okay, money. It's already there. The one who
can pay some prison time would be the
police, but well, when the time comes, we'll
see, okay. Why? Well, because maybe
the police officer is sentenced to jail
and suddenly one of those who are reporting,
some of those who are represented feel
sorry for the man because he's very old, and they
reach some kind of agreement so that he doesn't go to
jail. Okay, then,
sincerely, I understand that Rosario
Mohedano is getting very excited and is
very motivated with this case, but that
nothing is going to happen to them, okay, so I
think that the most realistic and the most
probable thing that we have to have on the
table, apart from the number of years that she has left,
this, which she has many
years left, okay, so that we know what is going to
remain, but many years,
surely something realistic is that they are going to
leave Rosita and that it will be solved
with money, okay, in other words, fines, sentences in
money, things like that, okay, our
beloved Marina Hernal interviewed the
other day in  exclusive to the kiosk owner the
famous kiosk owner who lent money to
Isabel Pantoja and Isabel Pantoja It seems
that she didn't want it or that she wasn't
very keen on returning it and the
woman decided to sue because she wanted to
recover that money that was her
savings It seems that in the end Isabel
Pantoja would have reached an agreement with
her in which she agreed to return it
So what is the next step that
Isabel is going to take
Of course, of course, I mean that when
reaching an agreement, she has
said
this and it is true Of
course, as she started saying that she
spoke, I mean, it's a little bad
because apart from that, it is quite difficult for her to
speak,
yes, what counts is that Isabel, I mean,
LOL's lawyers will have informed her and on Isabel's legal side, it is
that she has finally recognized that this is
true, of course, she is not going to do it
publicly No, but she is not going to
say publicly to a journalist, she is not going to say
such and such Hey, yes, this person left me
This was a loan I'm going to take it I don't
understand because it is a question of ego it is a
question of what really What is the
question that we are talking about
an elderly lady of an  lady who has
placed all her hopes in you at
all levels that it's hard for you to
say I was wrong What's it costing you I don't know her
conscience Isabel Pantoja
had denied it publicly in some
clear she denied it publicly
but through third parties
Now you have to admit it it's a
little embarrassing they look bad damn
things as they are gifts No that it had
been an agreement
Clear clear
calmly
look Loli that there are people that there are people
who commented on social networks
saying it would be It would be wonderful Vera
Isabel Pantoja and various it is a
photograph of her giving him that money in
hand not to you so that it was a
funny way not to break the ice a little
that it's not going to be like that I imagine but but of
course
[Music]
to anyone Of course but I sense Loli that this is
not because there are many people who question
that this decision came directly from her
but rather that her
lawyers have seen the
complicated situation and have opted for this
out-of-court agreement and say we are going to give them
money
a conciliation agreement
conciliation agreement the other day
rumors started that Diego Arrabal
was probably returning to television  after
the summer on Ana
Rosa Quintana's new afternoon show on
Telecinco but for now we've seen him
appear on Antena 3 on
Sonsoles
Ónega's show I sincerely believe that this
could be a one-off collaboration Or it
could be the beginning, a first
contact, no, as Marina called it, the
beginning of a good relationship I don't know if it would be
totally incompatible for them to
work for Antena 3 and Telecinco at the same time
But anyway, from here I hope he
has a lot of luck in his job and I
hope he doesn't miss out on this
specific collaboration because it was because of a
photograph that Diego Arrabal got
of Carmen Martínez Boredo and more than anything it
was a video call with this with
Sonsole's show to explain a
little bit about the information that they had seen
that they had handled And how they got the
photographs
Diego Good afternoon, photographer Who signs
these images
here I say that they have already confirmed
that you are broken up but well yes, the truth is
that everything seems everything seems that I
can't confirm 100% that I am no longer
with you now it's true that it's been
a long time since we last saw him in that
house
it's always good  I'm telling you this now so we can
understand each other today
the following headline was released
Alba Carrillo's mother wins the battle with
Zeppelin for Secret History 6,400 euros
in compensation after
8,800 a week Let's see let's explain
this a little bit simpler and so that
everyone understands it I think that well we
would have to see the sentence the first
and the second and compare them I think that
the complete sentences were never completed as such
and I have never been able to have
access to them but basically I
think that from the first instance to the
second instance absolutely
nothing has changed the compensation would be the same I
also remember that it was 6,000 and
something in the first So
nothing has changed What is also not
changed is something that they do not emphasize
in this headline is that in this lawsuit
Lucía pariente also sued the
presenter Jorge Javier Vázquez And in
this case I imagine that if they are not
putting it in the news Well the
result will be the same as in the
first instance which is Jorge Javier
Vázquez would be acquitted okay Lucía
pariente sued the  producer to the
network and to Jorge Javier and won against the
producer which is what wins against the
producer Well, an unfair dismissal
is not exactly the same as with
Antonio David Antonio David went to the
television factory and it was an invalid dismissal
which is different But well, it is considered
that she deserves compensation of 6,400
euros and the 8,800 euros per week
was what she earned participating
inside the house okay But once
outside the house, well, her salary was, I think,
600 euros for each gala so they
estimate that this is
valid compensation this is the second instance the High Court would
still have to rule the
supreme court the
High Court has been this now
the supreme court is missing but anyway I don't think
the situation will change much I think the
result will be the same also the
producer is claiming about 3,000
euros that she had already received so they
want it to be deducted from the
final compensation but well in the end
I think it is that the producer and the
chain always likes to really piss people off
I don't know what kind of agreement
they have with their lawyers not that maybe they
won't charge them for the resources I
have no idea because we're going to pay them the
6,500 euros and that's it you'll finish before
But anyway okay surely they're going
to appeal this and in a year or less we'll have the
Supreme Court's ruling
and we'll have the same news
to comment on on her part Alba Carrillo
who is ecstatic with her new
program and with all the news she's been
having in the last few weeks has
announced that after the summer
her new book will be released in which she's going to
tell Well I don't know her experience in
life as
super exclusive news the book the book I
wrote it I
swear what I wrote it nobody can come out
saying that I wrote it
or that I copied it from anyone or I have a
ghosting writer in those or whatever
a Ghost Rider is called there's no this book what
I wrote it so nothing whenever you want
I'll become the queen of the mornings man
Because if there are people who don't write
books it's at the top the
tea room is going to give it all but it's that me and  just
as written that you are going to laugh and
as you can see, well, I did not waste the
opportunity to give her a zasca Ana Rosa
Quintana a click on
social networks by Ángel Garó has gone viral now that
we are close to Well, we are in the middle of a
campaign, not before the elections and
well, as there is always a lot of
movement that
homosexual people and certain groups,
especially the LGBT group, have to
be left-wing, it is not like a mantra that
exists and it is not really like that You can be
LGBT and be right-wing and basically
Well, there are many people applauding this
click that I am going to put below
from Ángel Garó and many people also
criticizing him, so I would love to know
your opinion. Thank you very much for
making The Owners of LGBT
and however, I see the injustice day by
day because I read, I study, I think
the social communism that we are
living in at the moment is tremendous and since
we are in a democracy, I say what
comes from my soul just as the
leftist deniers of
history do because now Putin is not a
communist, he is not a friend of Frank
and that the leftists have
answers for everything there are people who
read And in this case The only thing I
encourage you is to vote for the parties that
are worthy for their part Martha risk has
reappeared on her
Instagram account this time she has
completely broken remembering her old friendship
with the one who is now her ex friend And it
seems that according to Marta risk
lately everyone is
giving her the side as I was saying today is not my
best day or my mind but I know that I'm going to
recover There is a lot of constant hate
towards me on YouTube as you know
Simply because those people who
upload The Followers get more
views when they insult me ​​when they
talk bad about me that's why no one is ever
able to defend me anything days like today I
feel again like when I was
little my mother asked me but
you will do something you will do something to make people
talk bad about you you will do something to make
your friends angry with you you will do something
and the worst of all is that when you
start to analyze what has happened you know
that you have not done anything You know that it
is simply like in that like that
group that was in  the
bullying school is simply bad people
who get together to hurt others for no
reason and without you having
done anything to them They only get together to
hurt you La Movida La Movida that today Gloria
Camila and Marta have coincided at an
event and everything would indicate that Gloria
Camila has expressed her discomfort to
Marta rieco It seems that Marta
ariesco despite the fact that Gloria Camila
had stopped following her on social media
a few weeks ago because she did not rule out and it did not
cross her mind that
Gloria Camila does not have good vibes with her and I sincerely believe that this was something Quite evident after the rolls that Marta has brought and lately with Rocío Flores that you already know that she has not fallen for the rag Monica How rich it is good and there is Gloria
[Music]
also in some Instagram stories of
martarisco's friend you can hear
how Aurelio Manzano asks Marta
about love and Marta ariesco says love
to shoot myself I am
therefore I think we can confirm or
rather  we can rule out any
kind of reconciliation between Marta
Arriesgo and her ex-love
and one of the viral climates of the day has
been a video that has just come to
light of the evening We were already talking
the other day about the presence of Belén
Esteban at the evening 3 of ibai Llano And it
seems that Well, they have made
a video as well as the outfits no
How much does your vest cost your pants your
bag in total and Belén would have been quite
applauded for carrying a fan from the
most valuable alejó that I carry that I upload a gift
that they gave me is this bag but then I
also carry my fan from Alejo
Antonio David Flores I had
yesterday Well today that I am
recording This video Thursday Although
you will be seeing it on Friday the very
famous trial for concealment of
assets if you want to know my opinion
very humble opinion because I have no
idea about this type of Procedures I
am not a lawyer or jurist or judge in
this I cannot give with certainty what will
happen sincerely I am not clear I
think that it is a very complicated trial  and
I do not have Clara the victory as I have
had it on other occasions As for
example in the case of Olga Moreno that we
are going to talk about next after
this topic It turns out that Rocío Carrasco
accuses Antonio David of having made an
allusion this comes about
having declared himself insolvent when he was
entitled to pay money that he
owed the judge sentences him to pay that
money and he in order not to take charge and not
pay that what he does is declare himself
insolvent and hide the collections that he would be
making among other things it is
based on the fact that Antonio David for a long
time has been collecting everything that
the dishes earned through
companies in this image you can see
some of the collections that Antonio David
supposedly would have received through
various television programs and that he would have
tried to hide in order not to pay it
is very important that you know that it has to be
able to be demonstrated in order to
condemn him that he declared himself insolvent at
that time and that he was earning money
through the companies with the
intention of not paying
Antonio David's lawyer had requested on
July 4 the suspension of the aforementioned
hearing has alleged that it had been admitted
process a test that had not been
practiced basically what
happened was that some documentation was missing
that had been admitted for processing at the
time not in the preliminary hearing where
the evidence that they are going to deal with in the
trial is proposed and it could cause a defenselessness
According to Antonio David's lawyer I don't know
exactly what type of documentation it is
because they don't specify it but I'll give you
an example okay of cases that I have
experienced you on occasions, well
some company can request it ex officio Well
the judge can ask him Hey Ask
Google to see how much this man charges
Hey Ask Mediaset How many times has he
collected his salary and In whose name
Hey Ask Telefónica for the
phone bill I want to know how many
calls he has made to I don't know who worth
this type of document usually takes a long time sometimes
because there are
companies that don't take the law very
seriously there are companies that are so big
that they believe themselves to be above the law I
imagine that's where the shots will go and that it
will be a document that they are waiting for and that
hasn't arrived yet and since it hasn't
arrived yet  Well, it is not convenient
for that trial to take place because
Antonio David's lawyer alleges that this
evidence is very important for
Antonio David's defense, there is a right that
speaks of the right to defense. So
if you are missing something very
important that can prove your
innocence, then you create a defenselessness that
is called okay, let's see. These are
judicial strategies, just like
Rocío Carrasco was able to hold on to the fact
that the notification had not arrived
because she did not feel like having that
trial. Well, here surely. Well, more or
less the same. Let's see,
Antonio David's defense will defend itself and use its
strategies. And if it can take and suspend the
trial and have the trial next year
or better, we'll see what
happens at the moment. Ivan, who is a
crack and is one of the best lawyers
that I have seen in the media handling
cases, has released a statement in which he
gives a series of explanations and also
a series of complaints beforehand. I
tell you all that, as has been published
this morning, the trial
for concealment of assets that was
scheduled has not been held and has not been held as
stated.  in some
media or on YouTube Because
Plato has been found or because he has not gone
to court but the trial was
suspended since yesterday as a result
of a request from this party and the
trial has been suspended because
a series of
documentary evidence that we had
requested could not be incorporated into the files, new documentary evidence that not
only guarantees the right of
defense of Antonio David Flores but also
guarantees the right of all parties to
a sentence in accordance with the law, that is to
say, this resolution has been adopted to
guarantee the rights of all
parties. We are going to talk a little bit about the
issues that have seemed
tremendously serious to me published today in the
magazine Lecturas, which is the
usual medium through which Rocío Carrasco's side speaks
lately and the first
of these is that once again the magazine
Nocturnes in its publication states that she is getting
closer to jail, it is an
unacceptable statement, unacceptable
to anyone, that is to say,
the presumption of innocence cannot be violated,
once again we cannot prejudge how sentences are carried out. It is
only up to
the judges and after a trial where
all the evidence is presented, I don't know
what the objective of the magazine is
readings I don't know what they intend with these
statements flowers will be damaged and generate
a public opinion That obviously
will never affect the court the second
question and reveals the magazine
lecturas is that next Wednesday it
seems to reveal everything that happened
regarding this suspension because it
may reveal the same thing that I am going to
tell you today And that is that there was documentary evidence that is why it
has been suspended so that it can be
incorporated and
the interrogations can be carried out having that
evidence in front of us so as not to violate any guarantees
as I have previously told you about the
magazine lecturas it is a joke and now in
the next case that we are going to comment on
you are going to fall on the floor laughing or
rather basically the magazine lecturas is already giving
you a heads up with information
from Rocío Carrasco just like
other media these mornings the first ones to have reported
the news affirm within
the press release itself that the
information is being provided by
Rocío Carrasco's lawyer that is to say Rocío
Carrasco's lawyer would have contacted
the media to report this news those
who do not speak those who do not speak no this has
always been done This is not  it's nothing
new, isn't it? The Lectura magazine is already
telling you that on Wednesday they are going to give
all the details as they
see fit, okay, the move is that I
think it should be Ivan, it's to send a
letter of right to rectification, okay,
to force them to rectify, I think they
should do it because they would be
obliged to publish it, look at what things,
precisely the Lecturas magazine has been
perfectly informed of all
these details of this trial but
nevertheless it has not found out that today
we finally had the result of the
sentence of the trial that Olga
Moreno had with Rocío Carrasco in November and that it
was they who gave the
exclusive that they published a photograph
of Rocío Carrasco and Olga Moreno entering
the court and within the content they said
things like this, one calm because she is
looking for the voice of justice and the other
uneasy and visibly nervous
trying to justify before a judge the
controversial statements that she made
three years ago, 60 minutes in which Olga has
been unable to stand looking at
Rocío Carrasco and with the aim of
dismantling all the lies that  Olga
poured on her Well this is
what the magazine lectura stated at the
time about the trial of Olga Moreno and
Rocío Carrasco and now that they have the
sentence they do not report the news they do not report the
information who the hell is going to buy
your media to get information You're welcome if you
are a Rocío Carrasco fan club
let's see what the hell is this How are you going to
take out the photographs in court
that Rocío Carrasco sent you to And
how are you going to write that Olga Moreno could not
maintain her gaze that she was
scared and that she was not incapable of
justifying herself that she won that she won that it was
the last lawsuit since she
had yet to beat Rocío Carrasco
Rocío Carrasco in an attempt to suffocate
people in the media what she does is
file lawsuits and lawsuits and lawsuits and
lawsuits that you are going to lose that
Rocío Carrasco is going to lose I mean she files
a lot of lawsuits for this to make
headlines to use the press that
she has under her shoulder but then the
sentence when they have the results they
do not give it and a  a big mess in Costa
that has to pay that pisses you off and
forgive me for the expression Rocío
Carrasco lost the penalty that she gave to
Olga Moreno for revealing secrets
because she got into the Cherry as
she says it was a crime for her to
receive a letter at home and open
a letter from her husband while her
husband was on Big Brother and then she
filed three lawsuits two of them already
have a final judgment she
can no longer appeal them a big mess in a conch shell
probably between 40 and
60,000 euros each of the two cases and
now she has just lost in the first
instance already that trial which was the one we
saw the reading photograph in
November well this trial she already loses
in the first instance the sentence to
her in Costa Rocío Carrasco usually
appeals until the last instance to
try to suffocate you to have you
cowered and not speak and those things
no but the judge in this first
sentence that the result of the Second
instance of the Supreme Court is going to be the
same because In addition, she is already
throwing in her face that this lady has just
made a documentary Where has  charged
millions of euros for sharing all kinds
of her private life please we already know
the results that you're going to have I think that
when we had already forgotten about this
delicate situation unconsciously
Carmen Borrego has put her mother back in the
spotlight Marina
Hernal stated this afternoon on Así es la vida that
by the way there were some people who
were dropping the bombshell that Marina
Hernal had been fired from the program I am
no you sent me I'm only
86 we have 200 likes and we dropped the
bomb I didn't have to say it because I didn't
[Music]
the production company of Así es la vida has
decided to dispense with
Marina's services to the public the reasons they
don't want to have on the program a
person who is participating in
YouTube programs they don't want a
person facing the public who is
making programs on YouTube and is
criticizing the network they are looking for a
place for her in the same production company a room that is
not facing the public to avoid
lawsuits I can say this with total certainty
what is happening is a bit like what
happened to her you can't be on a
television network facing the public and then  on the
other hand, through social networks,
a new site to relocate her within
the production company. Yes, I have heard
rumors, these are already rumors.
Carmen Borrego has made a cover in
the magazine Lecturas where she once again puts the
issue of the mother on the table because she has no other option but to sell, by publishing
headlines like this one that you are seeing on
screen La Movida, well,
nothing would happen if it weren't for the fact that both she and
her sister have asked that
their mother not be mentioned, that the mother not be talked about, that
the mother be left alone, even
asking for help, something well, I don't remember
one occasion, a tremendous madness, no, if it hadn't
happened, well, you can
say whatever you want, in the end, what you
have, you don't have more. The lawyers of the
right to the heart have wanted to give their
opinion as well and have spoken about the
issue of this prison sentence given to a
journalist for having revealed
quite lurid data on a
rather delicate subject in Huelva, as was the
case of Laura Luelmo. This sentence would
raise the alarm a little and
would discuss between the freedom of the
journalist, the freedom of information and
the revelation of Secret, how far
that fine line goes so that
transfer the
sentenced to this journalist who was
a specialized journalist also in
courts
gave a series made a series of
articles in which well revealed
very compromising data for
personal and family privacy because
all kinds of macabre details in
different in different articles Well
all kinds of details of the
judicial procedure of the
statements that the murderer had given
about the removal of the body from the
autopsy a series of details that were
absolutely unnecessary As
the sentence itself has determined and
extremely Ultimately the
sentence goes through one by one the
journalistic articles and you gain
one by one and the significance that they may
have or the violation that they
may have for the privacy of both
the victim herself and her parents in
this case and they really were so
deep in the details
in terms of it being
general information and information that was
necessary for society I think that
going into each one of them
really does not have the effects that
interest us And furthermore it
really is not exactly
pleasant What is true is that when
reading it it is very very evident that
violation that is made to the
privacy of the victim of that  person
who passed away in such tragic circumstances
that it reveals certain issues
both from their previous moments such as the
aggression they suffered and
their growth that are absolutely
necessary as I say there would be many people
who are comparing this with the issue of
the Lux operation but as I
was already explaining to you in more detail
yesterday all this I believe that it will
depend on the people who are
represented and that those same
people reach the end And what has been
published about each and every one of
those who have represented only
Marta risk today has come down the
other time a depression because she has remembered
a lot and has empathized with her
situation by watching a television series
that would have described situations very
similar to those that according to her she is
experiencing a
series on Netflix that they have
recommended to me quite a lot which is
Firefly Dance which I am on season
2 Well, I am not enjoying it
excessively or anything but I put it on
while I am on the computer and I am
doing things and such And today I am like
all day at home super lazy like a
little bit
relax mode a little bit down also no
because in the end  Yesterday I met
a lot of people who were asking me
when you're going back to work and when I do
n't know how many And when such So it's
like There are times when
later you're at home alone and
the door of your house closes and you're no longer with
the hustle and bustle of people and the jokes is
when you start to remember not many
things that have happened to you
lately and it's when you're alone facing
your fears and your anxieties and your
insecurities and it's you with your
thoughts and without noise Well I
was at this moment at home lying
here on the couch as I say when suddenly
the series that I
had in the background caught my attention while I was looking at
Instagram and it turns out that the
protagonist who is called Tali has
gone through a somewhat similar situation in
the work issue she is a journalist and she has been
left without a job and without working in
television after many years working and
being a good reporter and such And then
Well then she was a presenter x and
then
they took it and her agent told her look
what you have to do is go through
social networks make a website make
a channel on the web because you  you are a very
good journalist and they can't
silence you Even if they don't give you a voice on your
network Because these people, well, I
don't love you anymore, they don't love you anymore So
the protagonist was here as if to
say it's that I who have worked with
the television lights with the
makeup artists with I don't know how many for so
long, I who have done so many exclusives
and such And in the end she was left alone with
the computer and her agent told her
try it Do it Communicate tell how you
feel to the people on the internet so they don't
silence you and please I want to
show you this scene because I
recorded it with my cell phone because I thought it was
incredible I am
[Music]
but I am very angry with the man
who sued me he stole my
show he took my voice so I'm going to get it
back I know I am I am
screaming into an abyss but don't
silence me if you think you can lock me up
in a dark tower like a princess
come on now I am the queen no matter how dark
the path is I always find my
light Well no matter how dark the
path is I always find my light and if I
don't find it today I will find it tomorrow
but I always  I just found her
Belén Esteban was the first
guest on Carlota Corredera's YouTube channel
And the truth is that what she
said was a little bit bad
And the thing is, she has always been a
PP voter Or at least that's what
people understand or have imagined and It
seems that Belén Esteban here
would be implying that since the PP is
surely going to have to govern with
Vox Well, that she has LGBT friends and
that as a box the mantra is that it is going to take
away rights which is not the case, you have to
inform yourself a little more deeply
about what each party is about and not vote
around what your neighbor tells you or
the rumors on the networks or the mantras
okay you have to inform yourself and you have to
listen to things But anyway The Movida
is that Belén Esteban would be confirming
to Carlota Corredera that she would be
trying to go to the other side and vote for
another party, not that they use me but
for example, with Jorge I had a
very big problem because of politics that is already over
and forgotten but I think that I
got the vote, I know who I am going to vote for
Well, I'm a little undecided because I
don't like several parties getting together, let's say
you like a party that you don't like,
who is going to be in coalition with? I do
n't like them completely sincerely and
I'm very undecided and maybe this year
the vote that I've always done, no, no,
well, you know that's going to make the
headlines. No, I don't care, what
I like is that I've already shared
politicians, I'm not going to say names so as not to
raise eyebrows because then you know what happens,
but there are parties that I don't
agree with at all, I think that instead of moving
forward, we're going backwards and what we
have to go is forward and I have
many friends, I think that with what I'm going to
say, you'll see what a party all of
Spain is and everyone who doesn't see it, I
have very close friends and friends
who are like brothers who have fought
hard to have certain rights and what I'm
not going to do is, after all,
put one
political party halfway with another so that they can
govern and repeat backwards. Well, nothing
Belén, darling, listen to me, vote for the PSOE so that they can make a
pact and govern with Podemos or with
bildu let's see if we go forward or
backward I don't know if I'm more worried about
you voting for the PSOE or whether you
have the same one as any Spaniard
Son Soles Onegas announces a special
for this weekend with the wedding of
Tamara Falcó and Íñigo or it snows in it will
feature Pilar Vidal Beatriz Cortázar
Paloma García Pelayo all from Telecinco
to Antena 3 what do you think do you want to
see it or what In fact Pilar Vidal has
arrived on Sonsole's program complaining
and that she feels uncomfortable on that
sofa I don't know what it is about the sofa I see it
very nice from here it looks very cool
but it seems that she doesn't like it and she's
asking for it to be changed and Sonsoles is
going to change it so that she is
comfortable do one thing first
[Music]
and we are going to change it for you at your request
the other day in Alba Carrillo's explosive live show we
were able to find out that Alba
Carrillo is going to take Ana
Rosa Quintana and her producer to court and now we
have more  data ok we already have the
date it has been published in es diario.com
el chisismograph December 21st in the
social court number 39 of Madrid
at 9:30 in the morning on the date that
Alba
Carrillo and her former producer are going to meet and the
lawsuit would be for fraud of the law and
improper request I can't give
much more information because the truth is that I wouldn't
know how to say or what fraud of
law is let's see and if these days
our friends from derecho al
corazón make a video with this because the truth is
interesting and watch out because not only is she
suing the only ones she's suing the
mediaset España network the television factory
megamedia television publi España
conecta 5 and telecinco or in other words or in other words an
outrageous lawsuit okay I do
n't think they're going to condemn all the
companies that have put these girls
here okay But anyway some At
least statistically some will pass and
okay family, we'll just leave it here
because the truth is that I think it has been no
small thing to start this first
weekly bombshell program let me
know in the  comment box what did you
think And if you want to see me here
face to face every Friday night
okay it will depend on you like share
subscription all those little things okay And don't
forget that every day I am
on both telesalseo and la piruleta with
lots and lots of gossip until the next
video family A big hug
[Music]